Add Repository Variables and Secrets (#17722)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/wet-vans-drive.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': minor
---

> Add Repository Variables and Secrets to scaffolder action. Bump octokit version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for Repository Variables and Secrets to the `publish:github` and `github:repo:create` scaffolder actions.
```
